[CloudPC]add shiftWorkCloudPcAccessState.md in resource and cloudpc-getshiftwo… (#19008)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/cloudpc-getshiftworkcloudpcaccessstate.md

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|CloudPC.Read.All, CloudPC.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Not supported.|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /me/cloudPCs/{cloudPCId}/getShiftWorkCloudPcAccessState
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this function returns a `200 OK` response code and a [shiftWorkCloudPcAccessState](../resources/shiftWorkCloudPcAccessState.md) object in the response body.

## Examples

### Request

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "cloudpcthis.getShiftWorkCloudPcAccessState"
}
-->
``` http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/cloudPCs/{cloudPCId}/getShiftWorkCloudPcAccessState
```

> # [C#](#tab/csharp)

Reviewer: You don't need to manually add this part `# [C#](#tab/csharp)...# [PHP](#tab/php)` as tool will automatically generate it once PR gets merged. So please remove them.

---
title: "cloudPC: getShiftWorkCloudPcAccessState"
description: "Get the access state of a shift work Cloud PC. This API should only support shift work Cloud PC, it should fail with 400 when calling it with dedicated Cloud PC. Current usage scenario: web client needs to support shift work Cloud PC. `SharedCloudPcAccessState` is used to validate the bookmark scenario. If the tab is launched and the sharedCloudPcAccessState is not active/activating, web client will pop the "Bad bookmark" UI to go back to IWPortal to access the Cloud PC."
author: "ningjingbogithub"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "cloud-pc"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# cloudPC: getShiftWorkCloudPcAccessState
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Get the [shiftWorkCloudPcAccessState](../resources/cloudpc.md#shiftworkcloudpcaccessstate-values) for the shift work cloudPc.

> 

Reviewer 2: Lines 3 and 15:
Hi @andrewku0409 , @ningjingbogithub ,
I work with @Danielabom on the Microsoft Graph docs and she suggested some ways to improve the effectiveness of the description in line 15. I thought I would reply here so to be clearer in the communication; after all, either of you would be the person to take the action to incorporate the feedback.

For line 15 - in general, helpful descriptions should provide more context than just the words that appear in the name of the API element (in this case, the function name). The current description in line 15, or the first sentence in line 3, doesn't explain anything about your main scenario here, "shift work cloud PC", and the who and what for the "access" to make "state" a relevant thing.
Just based on this PR without other info, such as any existing docs about "shift work", I can suggest the following, but if I miss some other pertinent info, please add to the description:
"Get the state of a user's attempt to access a Cloud PC that has been provisioned for sharing for shift work.

For more information about provisioning a Cloud PC for sharing, see the **provisioningType** property of cloudPcProvisioningPolicy {include link to that resource please}."

Reviewer 2: About the extra content in line 3:
FYI in general, line 3 serves SEO, and we put only the main description (line 15) there. Line 3 shouldn't be a large paragraph of other info, so not to confuse developers why pertinent info is only viewable if they view the source file in MD.
In particular, if the following is helpful for developers, then you'd need to provide more context, for example, what portal are you referring to, etc.
"Current usage scenario: web client needs to support shift work Cloud PC. `SharedCloudPcAccessState` is used to validate the bookmark scenario. If the tab is launched and the sharedCloudPcAccessState is not active/activating, web client will pop the "Bad bookmark" UI to go back to IWPortal to access the Cloud PC.""

Reviewer 3: @angelgolfer-ms, thanks for your comments, I added more detail description, need your review

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|CloudPC.Read.All, CloudPC.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Not supported.|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /me/cloudPCs/{cloudPCId}/getShiftWorkCloudPcAccessState
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

> If successful, this function returns a `200 OK` response code and a [shiftWorkCloudPcAccessState](../resources/cloudpc.md#shiftworkcloudpcaccessstate-values) object in the response body.

Reviewer 2: After line 46:
I see in line 3, you mentioned this: "fail with 400 when calling it with dedicated Cloud PC".

You can incorporate that info as a separate paragraph under the "Response" section here.
"If the Cloud PC has been provisioned as a dedicated device, this method returns `400 Bad request`."

---
title: "cloudPC: getShiftWorkCloudPcAccessState"
description: "Get the access state of a shift work Cloud PC. Callers can get the latest shift work Cloud PC accessState and determine if the shift work Cloud PC is accessible to the user."
author: "ningjingbogithub"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "cloud-pc"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# cloudPC: getShiftWorkCloudPcAccessState
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Get the [shiftWorkCloudPcAccessState](../resources/cloudpc.md#shiftworkcloudpcaccessstate-values) of a shift work Cloud PC. This API only supports shared-use licenses.

> For more information, see [cloudPcProvisioningPolicy] (../resources/cloudpcprovisioningpolicy.md#cloudpcprovisioningtype-values)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For more information, see [cloudPcProvisioningPolicy](../resources/cloudpcprovisioningpolicy.md#cloudpcprovisioningtype-values)
```

> Shared-use licenses allows three users per license, with one user logged in at a time. Callers can get the latest shift work Cloud PC accessState and determine if the shift work Cloud PC is accessible to the user. For more information, see shiftWorkCloudPcAccessState in Cloud PC. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Shared-use licenses allow three users per license, with one user logged in at a time. Callers can get the latest shift work Cloud PC accessState and determine if the shift work Cloud PC is accessible to the user. 
```

> If a web client needs to connect to a shift work Cloud PC, the SharedCloudPcAccessState validates the bookmark scenario. If sharedCloudPcAccessState is not active/activating/hibernated, the web client shows a "bad bookmark".

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If a web client needs to connect to a shift work Cloud PC, the sharedCloudPcAccessState validates the bookmark scenario. If sharedCloudPcAccessState is not active/activating/hibernated, the web client shows a "bad bookmark".
```

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|CloudPC.Read.All, CloudPC.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Not supported.|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /me/cloudPCs/{cloudPCId}/getShiftWorkCloudPcAccessState
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this function returns a `200 OK` response code and a [shiftWorkCloudPcAccessState](../resources/cloudpc.md#shiftworkcloudpcaccessstate-values) object in the response body.

> Fail with 400 when calling it with dedicated Cloud PC.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If the Cloud PC has been provisioned as a dedicated device, this method returns  `400 Bad request`.
```

---
title: "cloudPC: getShiftWorkCloudPcAccessState"

> description: "This API is used to get the access state of a shift work Cloud PC, caller can use this API to get the latest shift work Cloud PC accessState and determine if this shift work CloudPC is accessible for the user."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
description: "Get the access state of a shift work Cloud PC. Callers can get the latest shift work Cloud PC accessState and determine if the shift work CloudPC is accessible to the user."
```

Reviewer 4: GLOBAL COMMENT (applies to the entire PR): I've seen "cloudpc", "Cloud PC", "CloudPC", "cloud PC" and other variations. What's the valid term?

Reviewer 3: The valid term should be "Cloud PC", I will uniform them.

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Get the [shiftWorkCloudPcAccessState](../resources/cloudpc.md#shiftworkcloudpcaccessstate-values) for the shift work cloudPc. This API is only validate for flex(with 'shared' license) Cloud PC.

> Shift work Cloud PC is a new type of Cloud PC with new license type "shared" to enable customers' front line. LicenseType see provisioningType property of cloudPcProvisioningPolicy {https://github.com/microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs/blob/2b0ecb6af6272289b8e5c93ee77c364189a426a9/api-reference/beta/resources/cloudpcprovisioningpolicy.md#cloudpcprovisioningtype-values}

Reviewer 4: Shift work Cloud PC is a new type of Cloud PC with a shared-use license that enables _______. Let's find a better description for "front line" because it is not a socialized term in our docs.

Reviewer 3: I changed front line to shift work, which is more easy to understand.

> When 'shared' license purchased, allows three users per license with one user logged in at a time. This API is used to get the access state of a shift work Cloud PC, caller can use this API to get the latest shift work Cloud PC accessState and determine if this shift work CloudPC is accessible for the user, for accessState, see shiftWorkCloudPcAccessState in cloudpc. 

Reviewer 4: Please validate if this is the expected flow, for example: is the word message applicable?
```suggestion
Shared-use licenses allow three users per license, with one user logged in at a time. If a web client needs to connect to a shift work Cloud PC, the SharedCloudPcAccessState validates the bookmarked scenario. If sharedCloudPcAccessState is not active/activating/hibernated, the web client shows a "bad bookmark" message and returns to the IWPortal to access the Cloud PC. 
```

Reviewer 4: I am not familiar with the "IW portal" term.

> Current usage: Web Client needs to support shift work Cloud PC connect. SharedCloudPcAccessState is used to validate the bookmark scenario. If the tab is launched and the sharedCloudPcAccessState is not active/activating/hibernated, web client will pop the "Bad bookmark" UI to go back to IWPortal to access the Cloud PC.

Reviewer 4: Please validate if this is the expected flow, for example, is the word "message applicable?"
```suggestion
If a web client needs to connect to a shift work Cloud PC, the SharedCloudPcAccessState validates the bookmarked scenario. If sharedCloudPcAccessState is not active/activating/hibernated, the web client shows a "bad bookmark" message and returns to the IWPortal to access the Cloud PC.
```

Reviewer 4: I am not familiar with the term "IW Portal" what's the official name?

Reviewer 3: 'and returns to the IWPortal to access the Cloud PC'  this information is not important, I will remve this.
